README.md, before:


# ReadME Generator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [URL](#url)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
```
Clone the GitHub repository and then open your terminal. Using the terminal, navigate to the appropriate file path for your index.js file. In the correct file location, run 'node -v' in your terminal to determine that your node version is either v12.1 or higher. Next run 'npm install' to install any required dependencies on your local machine. Once installed, run 'node index-js' and follow the prompts from the terminal. You can find your generated README in the output folder included in the repository.
```
## Usage

![generatedREADME](./Assets/generatedREADME.png)

## Credits
```md
This was created by Brad Williams for the Georgia Tech Web Development Bootcamp.
```

## Contributing
```
Pull requests are welcome. If you would like to make any major changes to the code, please contact me first to open a discussion. My GitHub link and email are listed below.
```
## License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Brad Williams]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## URL

[Link to GitHub repository](https://github.com/bread-w/gt-readme-generator)

[Link to video walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14ThyPiV6zq87zd-FNqeA05-HXD12TK0Y/view)

## Questions

If you have any questions, follow my GitHub profile here: https://github.com/bread-w.

You can also email me at jb.wms89@gmail.com.

Commit message:

added in a description to my README

README.md, after:


# ReadME Generator

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [URL](#url)
* [Questions](#questions)

## Description
```
This command line application generates a README file based on a user's response to various prompts within the terminal. Upon answering each prompt and choosing a license, a README file will be generated for the user that is viewable in the Output folder.
```
## Installation
```md
Clone the GitHub repository and then open your terminal. Using the terminal, navigate to the appropriate file path for your index.js file. In the correct file location, run 'node -v' in your terminal to determine that your node version is either v12.1 or higher. Next run 'npm install' to install any required dependencies on your local machine. Once installed, run 'node index-js' and follow the prompts from the terminal. You can find your generated README in the output folder included in the repository.
```
## Usage

![generatedREADME](./Assets/generatedREADME.png)

## Credits
```
This was created by Brad Williams for the Georgia Tech Web Development Bootcamp.
```

## Contributing
```
Pull requests are welcome. If you would like to make any major changes to the code, please contact me first to open a discussion. My GitHub link and email are listed below.
```
## License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Brad Williams]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## URL

[Link to GitHub repository](https://github.com/bread-w/gt-readme-generator)

[Link to video walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14ThyPiV6zq87zd-FNqeA05-HXD12TK0Y/view)

## Questions

If you have any questions, follow my GitHub profile here: https://github.com/bread-w.

You can also email me at jb.wms89@gmail.com.
